Priorty Scale (LOW-MED-HIGH)  	* Based on where the effort needs to go for each 
				  feature.
				* These are also based on priorities for Sprint 2

Map: (MED)
I had no idea of the paddock I worked on's name, however I distinctly 
remembered its location, right in the corner. Knowing this I could easily
view the map and click on the desired area to access its respective data.

Log In: (MED)
As soon as I entered the website I was prompted with a log in or sign up 
option. I thought I had an account so I clicked log in, I soon realised I
didn't have an account. Luckily, there was a button at the bottom of the 
page that would take me to the sign up page. There I inputted my details 
and requested sign up. I got a prompt saying that my request has been
sent to admin and that I will receive an email when approved (or
disapproved.)

Forgot password: (LOW)
I always remember my password, however I've managed to do the impossible 
and forget my own password. Thankfully there was a link called "Forget 
Password?" That sent an email confirmation to give me temporary access 
to change my password.

Filter: (HIGH)
I had lots of data to go looking for, for some I knew what paddock I worked on, 
however some I didn't. I filtered all the data by paddock name for those that I 
could remember. As for the others, I just filtered the data from 2015-present and 
Manually searched for the rest.

Home Page: (MED)
Once my account was approved and I entered the site I could see a large intreractive 
map. With tabs at the top that would take me to the Repository Page or the Contact Page.

Repository Access: (HIGH)
Once I was on the Home Page I could easily either click on a paddock on the map to see
the data in the repository for that paddock. I could also click the repository tab at
the top of the page to get to the entire repository.

Admin Controls: (MED)
As an admin I have the power to restore incorrect file changes or deletions, monitor changes
and even change parts of the system.


